Add notes for Deprecating Rackspace CR (#1546)
theforeman/theforeman.org: _includes/manuals/2.0/1.2_release_notes.md

*A full list of changes in 2.0.0 is available via [Redmine](https://projects.theforeman.org/issues?set_filter=1&sort=id%3Adesc&status_id=closed&f[]=cf_12&op[cf_12]=%3D&v[cf_12][]=1132)*

### Deprecations

> * Deprecate Rackspace Compute Resource ([#29285](https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/29285)) 

Reviewer: Please add a bit more information beyond just the RM title, and maybe link to the discourse post?

Author: thanks @tbrisker I've added the link, but I'm not sure which more information is needed here.

> * Deprecate Rackspace Compute Resource from foreman core ([#29285](https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/29285))  [Further details](https://community.theforeman.org/t/dropping-rackspace-compute-resource-from-foreman-core/17690)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for Rackspace as a Compute Resource is deprecated and will be removed in Foreman 2.1.  [Further details](https://community.theforeman.org/t/dropping-rackspace-compute-resource-from-foreman-core/17690)
```

Author: done :)
